README.md, before:

# Godot Engine

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://godotengine.org">
    <img src="logo_outlined.svg" width="400" alt="Godot Engine logo">
  </a>
</p>

## 2D and 3D cross-platform game engine

**[Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org) is a feature-packed, cross-platform
game engine to create 2D and 3D games from a unified interface.** It provides a
comprehensive set of [common tools](https://godotengine.org/features), so that
users can focus on making games without having to reinvent the wheel. Games can
be exported with one click to a number of platforms, including the major desktop
platforms (Linux, macOS, Windows), mobile platforms (Android, iOS), as well as
Web-based platforms and [consoles](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/tutorials/platform/consoles.html).

## Free, open source and community-driven

Godot is completely free and open source under the very permissive [MIT license](https://godotengine.org/license).
No strings attached, no royalties, nothing. The users' games are theirs, down
to the last line of engine code. Godot's development is fully independent and
community-driven, empowering users to help shape their engine to match their
expectations. It is supported by the [Godot Foundation](https://godot.foundation/)
not-for-profit.

Before being open sourced in [February 2014](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/commit/0b806ee0fc9097fa7bda7ac0109191c9c5e0a1ac),
Godot had been developed by [Juan Linietsky](https://github.com/reduz) and
[Ariel Manzur](https://github.com/punto-) (both still maintaining the project)
for several years as an in-house engine, used to publish several work-for-hire
titles.

![Screenshot of a 3D scene in the Godot Engine editor](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godotengine/godot-design/master/screenshots/editor_tps_demo_1920x1080.jpg)

## Getting the engine

### Binary downloads

Official binaries for the Godot editor and the export templates can be found
[on the Godot website](https://godotengine.org/download).

### Compiling from source

[See the official docs](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/contributing/development/compiling)
for compilation instructions for every supported platform.

## Community and contributing

Godot is not only an engine but an ever-growing community of users and engine
developers. The main community channels are listed [on the homepage](https://godotengine.org/community).

The best way to get in touch with the core engine developers is to join the
[Godot Contributors Chat](https://chat.godotengine.org).

To get started contributing to the project, see the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).
This document also includes guidelines for reporting bugs.

## Documentation and demos

The official documentation is hosted on [Read the Docs](https://docs.godotengine.org).
It is maintained by the Godot community in its own [GitHub repository](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-docs).

The [class reference](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/classes/)
is also accessible from the Godot editor.

We also maintain official demos in their own [GitHub repository](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-demo-projects)
as well as a list of [awesome Godot community resources](https://github.com/godotengine/awesome-godot).

There are also a number of other
[learning resources](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/community/tutorials.html)
provided by the community, such as text and video tutorials, demos, etc.
Consult the [community channels](https://godotengine.org/community)
for more information.

[![Code Triagers Badge](https://www.codetriage.com/godotengine/godot/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/godotengine/godot)
[![Translate on Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/widgets/godot-engine/-/godot/svg-badge.svg)](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/godot-engine/?utm_source=widget)
[![TODOs](https://badgen.net/https/api.tickgit.com/badgen/github.com/godotengine/godot)](https://www.tickgit.com/browse?repo=github.com/godotengine/godot)

Commit message:

Rename application to Thesus Engine

README.md, after:

# Thesus Engine

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://godotengine.org">
    <img src="logo_outlined.svg" width="400" alt="Thesus Engine logo">
  </a>
</p>

## 2D and 3D cross-platform game engine

**[Thesus Engine](https://godotengine.org) is a feature-packed, cross-platform
game engine to create 2D and 3D games from a unified interface.** It provides a
comprehensive set of [common tools](https://godotengine.org/features), so that
users can focus on making games without having to reinvent the wheel. Games can
be exported with one click to a number of platforms, including the major desktop
platforms (Linux, macOS, Windows), mobile platforms (Android, iOS), as well as
Web-based platforms and [consoles](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/tutorials/platform/consoles.html).

## Free, open source and community-driven

Thesus Engine is completely free and open source under the very permissive [MIT license](https://godotengine.org/license).
No strings attached, no royalties, nothing. The users' games are theirs, down
to the last line of engine code. Thesus Engine's development is fully independent and
community-driven, empowering users to help shape their engine to match their
expectations. It is supported by the [Thesus Engine Foundation](https://godot.foundation/)
not-for-profit.

Before being open sourced in [February 2014](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/commit/0b806ee0fc9097fa7bda7ac0109191c9c5e0a1ac),
Thesus Engine had been developed by [Juan Linietsky](https://github.com/reduz) and
[Ariel Manzur](https://github.com/punto-) (both still maintaining the project)
for several years as an in-house engine, used to publish several work-for-hire
titles.

![Screenshot of a 3D scene in the Thesus Engine editor](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/godotengine/godot-design/master/screenshots/editor_tps_demo_1920x1080.jpg)

## Getting the engine

### Binary downloads

Official binaries for the Thesus Engine editor and the export templates can be found
[on the Thesus Engine website](https://godotengine.org/download).

### Compiling from source

[See the official docs](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/contributing/development/compiling)
for compilation instructions for every supported platform.

## Community and contributing

Thesus Engine is not only an engine but an ever-growing community of users and engine
developers. The main community channels are listed [on the homepage](https://godotengine.org/community).

The best way to get in touch with the core engine developers is to join the
[Thesus Engine Contributors Chat](https://chat.godotengine.org).

To get started contributing to the project, see the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).
This document also includes guidelines for reporting bugs.

## Documentation and demos

The official documentation is hosted on [Read the Docs](https://docs.godotengine.org).
It is maintained by the Thesus Engine community in its own [GitHub repository](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-docs).

The [class reference](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/classes/)
is also accessible from the Thesus Engine editor.

We also maintain official demos in their own [GitHub repository](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-demo-projects)
as well as a list of [awesome Thesus Engine community resources](https://github.com/godotengine/awesome-godot).

There are also a number of other
[learning resources](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/community/tutorials.html)
provided by the community, such as text and video tutorials, demos, etc.
Consult the [community channels](https://godotengine.org/community)
for more information.

[![Code Triagers Badge](https://www.codetriage.com/godotengine/godot/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/godotengine/godot)
[![Translate on Weblate](https://hosted.weblate.org/widgets/godot-engine/-/godot/svg-badge.svg)](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/godot-engine/?utm_source=widget)
[![TODOs](https://badgen.net/https/api.tickgit.com/badgen/github.com/godotengine/godot)](https://www.tickgit.com/browse?repo=github.com/godotengine/godot)
